Ensure managed memory is supported in cudf.pandas. (#16552)
rapidsai/cudf: docs/cudf/source/cudf_pandas/how-it-works.md

enables oversubscribing GPU memory. This allows cudf.pandas to process
data larger than GPU memory in many cases, without CPU (Pandas) fallback.

```{note}

> CUDA Unified Memory is not supported on Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL2), so
> `cudf.pandas` uses a non-managed pool allocator. In WSL2, `cudf.pandas` is
> limited to the memory size of the GPU it is running on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CUDA Managed Memory on Windows, and more specifically Windows Subsystem for
Linux (WSL2), [does not support oversubscription](
https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuda-c-programming-guide/index.html#system-requirements-for-unified-memory),
only unified addressing. Furthermore, managed memory on WSL2 has undesirable
performance characteristics. Therefore, `cudf.pandas` uses a non-managed pool
allocator on WSL2, so `cudf.pandas` is limited to the physical size of GPU memory.
```
